Oftentimes when people that enjoy music discover a newfound artist, they fall into a rabbit hole, with them trying to look through old albums and such trying to uncover that artists full story. But discovering RX Papi (Chester A. Roscoe) led to a huge canyon, his discography is full of thousands of songs, thorough interviews and what feels like infinite mixtapes. Papi’s ability to constantly drop songs has led people to compare him to Lil B, crowned the godfather of “internet-rap” who has collaborated with Papi multiple times. When RX Papi’s ability to release songs so fast was brought up, Earl Sweatshirt stated that in 2021, Papi “lived an entire rap career in a year.” With his style revolving around rapping akin to fragmented freestyling, Papi makes most of his songs in 10 minutes or less, which is an extremely gifted thing unless we are speaking about his longer releases such as “Therapy Session” which lasts 19 minutes, and his “12 Minute Freestyle,” which is self explanatory. Papi says that he developed the ability to make music in minutes by “just not giving a fuck,” and his lyrics have made that more than clear.

Papi grew to fame with his album: Foreign Exchange, which was a collaboration with RX Papi and Gud, or “Yung Gud” which featured 8 short songs explaining how Papi grew up, with the most prevalent of the songs in the album being “12 Stout Street,” where Papi explains the hardships he had to go through growing up, and how he was treated by his parents and loved ones and was practically forced into living a life of racketeering, gang affiliation and such. He speaks about how his biological dad had died when he was 4 years old in a shootout right outside their house, with his mother replacing his father with another man, and her child with nobody. Papi shows that he resents his mother for this throughout the middle of the song where he says “How the fuck you gon’ turn your back on me? How the fuck you gon’ leave me flat on E?” With “flat on E” meaning that his mother basically abandoned him, knowing what he had gone through and did not think twice about it. The reason for the name “12 Stout Street” dates back to when he was young, as this is the address of the house that he grew up in which is in Rochester, NY. This address would soon be correlated to emotional distress and thoughts that could only be described in horrible ways. As we get closer and closer to the end of 12 Stout Street, we begin to learn the more personal experiences that Papi had in school and in the public, with him quoting “Don’t look at me funny you don’t know shit ‘bout me,'' expressing how Papi thought of those who didn’t understand his story or know him at all, and how he was misunderstood throughout his whole life. The last 5 lines of 12 Stout Street show that these traumatic events that Papi had gone through had changed him as a person, with this trauma evidently changing him as a person. RX Papi explains that in his dreams, he would frequently have nightmares about being murdered, with his most memorable being when he was sleeping in his Audi, which was presumed to be because he did not find a stable living space yet where he says “Had a nightmare sleeping in my Audi, a n***a caught me lacking and pulled me out it. Big ass pistol to my mouthpiece and it happened in front of 12 Stout Street.” The beat of 12 Stout Street resembles a toy typically associated with children, similar to the speaker of a jack-in-the-box or a xylophone. However, instead of emitting a cheerful tone, it produces a sorrowful and wistful sound, embodying both innocence and the inescapable passage of time leading to its eventual end.

After the release of Foreign Exchange, Papi attracted the attention of many artists and people who felt that they could relate to what Papi had said in his songs, mainly 12 Stout Street due to the storyline summarising to his father and mother leaving him, and him having issues with most his family and being dragged into a life he did not want. Papi is still active in the music scene and is actively producing songs.

Drugrixh, abbreviated as RX, was the prefix that Papi uses which was originally used by Atlanta rappers such as Hect and Peso. Papi and his friend RXK Nephew started to represent RX soon and started throwing disses at the Atlanta RX rappers on his mixtape “Papi Myers Nephew Leatherface” mixtape and other songs from different projects. After all of these disses, Papi and Nephew were convincing others that they were the real Drugrixh and that the Atlantan “Drugrixh” were frauds. Which is where Papi’s catchphrase “Real Rx” has derived from. These 2 words served as a diss to RX in Atlanta. RXK Nephew changed his name from RX to RXK soon and when asked about it he said that “Because there's a whole bunch of people who were just taking everything that we did. We was embracing Rx, but people were just taking everything we do. We embraced the “Real Drugrxch,” the “Real Rx,” “back-to-back-to-back.””

In conclusion, RX Papi is a rapper with very deep stories tied back to him, with his biggest album being about how he grew up as a child and matured off of pain at a young age. He is famous for his song 12 Stout Street from the album Foreign Exchange. Fans described his songs as “The feeling you get when your minds start to race,” further leading to more people finding comfort in his songs, with them feeling able to relate to the hardships he faced as a child. Papi is a very interesting rapper with a lot of gifts including the ability to produce music in under 10 minutes, with his music having a deep meaning behind it.
